What are you?
How dare you talk to me like that here
I'm a doctor a hundred times better than you
Far more worthy of Tianyi's name than you
Just you, you will still see a doctor.
Of course.
Why don't we make a bet
If I cure my cousin's illness
You will give me the name of the heavenly doctor
You can cure him, what are you doing with me?
Are you crazy?
I just can't get used to it
You are just deceiving the regent in the name of the heavenly doctor
What does this have to do with the Shangguan Association?
Set the right way
Why did Wang Gongzi ask this king to meet in Jiang Mansion?
It was Linglong who asked the form to make an appointment, the prince
Linglong expected to be in front of the prince
Expose the truth about Jiao Wanyue's deception of Taoists
Okay, so it was Shangguan Heng's male sex that caused it.
If you are angry, you will tell me trouble.
Jiang Wanle is the future princess of this king
Don't let you say it casually
Wang Yi Linglong leaps ahead of you first
What does it matter to me?
Jiang Wanle I listen
Let you respectfully give me the name of providence
I won't let you pester the prince anymore
gibberish
Jiang Wanle is the only princess recognized by this king